Jest vs RTL:-

Jest:-
    Its a Js testing framework. It helps to find test, run test and determines whether test is success or failed which reports into human readable manner.

RTL:-
    React testing library provides virtual DOM for testing components. It can interact with and verify the behaviour of a react components.
    The core library is called DOM testing library and RTL is a wrapper of a testing library in easiest way.

Types of Test:-
        Unit Test--focus on testing of individual building block of an application which is functional or class components.
                --Each unit or building block is tested in isolation, independent of other units and dependecies are blocked.
                --Runs in very short amount of time.

        Integration test--focus on combination of units working together. It takes longer than unit test.

        E2E test:- It test the entire application flow and ensuring it works as designed from start to finish
                    --Involves in real UI, real backend, real servies.
                    --Takes the longest as they cover the most amount of code.

Code Coverage:-

    A metric that help you to understand how much code has been tested.

    Statement Coverage:- How many of the Statement in the software code has been executed.
    Branches Coverage:- How many of the Branches of the control structure have been executed. 
    Function Coverage:- How many of the functions defined have been called and finally.
    Line Coverage:- How many of the lines from source code has been tested. 

What to Test:-

    Test Component render
    Test Component with props
    Test Component renders in different state
    Test components reacts to events

What not to Test:-

    Implementation details -Test the behaviour not to test Implementation of behaviour
    third party - Don't test 3rd party library eg:- Material UI
    Code that is not important from user point of view

RTL Queries:-

    Need the following steps
    1.Render the Component
    2.Find the Element from the rendered components
    3.Assert against the element which will result in pass or failed

To find Element from the page:-
    Single Element of the page
        getBy
        queryBy
        findBy

    Multiple Element of the page
        getAllBy
        queryAllBy
        findAllBy

    We need to add suffix it could be one of ROLE,LABELTEXT, PLACEHOLDER TEXT,TEXT,DISPLAYVALUE,ALTTEXT,TITLE AND TESTID

    getByRole:-

        Its default for semantic elements. Eg:- h1 to h5,button,link.
        If you're working with elements do not have any role or if you want to specify the role, can be used to add the desired role. 